added readme (#1)
mate-academy/jv-oop-advanced: README.md

# jv-oop-advanced

__Solve the task using OOP principles__

Task:
1. There are some figures of the following types: square, triangle, circle, trapezoid.
2. We can draw each figure, and obtain its area and color.

> 3. Also, shapes have unique methods, for example: return the radius, hypotenuse length, side length, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Each figure should have unique method: return the radius, hypotenuse length, side length, etc.
```

> 4. We need to generate a random array of figures, the number of objects in the array is also unknown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. We need to generate an array of figures with random parameters, number of objects in the array is also unknown.
```
